docs: Document shouldObserveItemSize (#10392)
adobe/react-spectrum: packages/dev/s2-docs/pages/react-aria/Virtualizer.mdx

## Dynamic item sizes

Use the `shouldObserveItemSize` prop to automatically re-layout when items change size.
Note that this uses a `ResizeObserver` internally and may have performance overhead.

```tsx render links={docs.links} wide
"use client";
import {Virtualizer, ListLayout} from 'react-aria-components/Virtualizer';
import {GridList, GridListItem, Text} from 'vanilla-starter/GridList';
import {Button} from 'vanilla-starter/Button';
import {useState} from 'react';
import {ChevronRight, ChevronDown} from 'lucide-react';

let items: {
  id: string;
  name: string;
}[] = [];
for (let i = 0; i < 10; i++) {
  items.push({id: `item_${i}`, name: `Item ${i}`});
}

function ExpandableItem({item}) {
  let [expanded, setExpanded] = useState(false);
  return (
    <div className="expandable-item">
      <Text>{item.name}</Text>
      <Button
        variant="quiet"
        onPress={() => setExpanded(!expanded)} 
        aria-label={expanded ? 'Collapse' : 'Expand'}>
        {expanded ? <ChevronDown size={18} /> : <ChevronRight size={18} />}
      </Button>
      <Text slot="description" style={{display: expanded ? 'block' : 'none'}}>This is an expanded item.</Text>
    </div>
  );
}

> <Virtualizer

Reviewer: the focus ring is cut off: 

<img width="469" height="482" alt="Image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/b6d40b02-d258-40a7-ba2f-8bdfed4b37b4" />

I'll see about fixing this

<ExampleList tag="virtualizer" pages={props.pages} />

## Items that change size

When using a `Virtualizer` with content that can change size, you can tell the `Virtualizer` to observe
the items so that it updates the layout accordingly. This is done by setting the `shouldObserveItemSize` prop.

```tsx render links={docs.links} wide
"use client";
import {Virtualizer, ListLayout} from 'react-aria-components/Virtualizer';
import {GridList, GridListItem, Text} from 'vanilla-starter/GridList';
import {Button} from 'vanilla-starter/Button';
import {useState} from 'react';

let items: {
  id: string;
  name: string;
}[] = [];
for (let i = 0; i < 10; i++) {
  items.push({id: `item_${i}`, name: `Item ${i}`});
}

function ExpandableItem({item}) {
  let [expanded, setExpanded] = useState(false);
  return (
    <div className="expandable-item">
      <Text>{item.name}</Text>

>       <Button onPress={() => setExpanded(!expanded)}>{expanded ? 'Collapse' : 'Expand'}</Button>

Author: A little ugly, ideas?

<ExampleList tag="virtualizer" pages={props.pages} />

> ## Items that change size

Reviewer 2: Move above Examples (Examples is always the last section before API).

Maybe re-title to "Dynamic item sizes"?

When using a `Virtualizer` with content that can change size, you can tell the `Virtualizer` to observe

> the items so that it updates the layout accordingly. This is done by setting the `shouldObserveItemSize` prop.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Use the `shouldObserveItemSize` prop to automatically re-layout when items change size. Note that this uses a `ResizeObserver` internally and may have performance overhead.
```

```tsx render links={docs.links} wide
"use client";
import {Virtualizer, ListLayout} from 'react-aria-components/Virtualizer';
import {GridList, GridListItem, Text} from 'vanilla-starter/GridList';
import {Button} from 'vanilla-starter/Button';
import {useState} from 'react';
import {ChevronRight, ChevronDown} from 'lucide-react';

let items: {
  id: string;
  name: string;
}[] = [];
for (let i = 0; i < 10; i++) {
  items.push({id: `item_${i}`, name: `Item ${i}`});
}

function ExpandableItem({item}) {
  let [expanded, setExpanded] = useState(false);
  return (
    <div className="expandable-item">
      <Text>{item.name}</Text>

>       <Button onPress={() => setExpanded(!expanded)} aria-label={expanded ? 'Collapse' : 'Expand'}>

Reviewer 2: these repeated primary buttons are kind of a lot. maybe variant=quiet would be better?
